

 
Angelina Dyer
 
 
Email: angelinadyer@icloud.com 
Mobile: 07581002575 
Location: London 
LinkedIn: uk.linkedin.com/in/angelinadyer 
 
Building amazing products for businesses to thrive, whilst seeing my work put into motion, enables my success 
across multiple projects. Ready to perform and highly approachable, I take pride in enabling teams to efficiently 
deliver their best. The creativity I express enables me to deliver value within a fast paced environment.  
 
Employment History 
 
iD Mobile at Dixons Carphone: Digital Product Manager                                          February 2018 - Present  
 
● Creation and delivery of the digital self-service strategy and roadmap 
● Introduced new campaigns and marketing initiatives into the app and my account online 
● Supporting business stakeholders e.g. billing manager, retention manager, to achieve an uplift of £250K - 
£500K through various projects through the app and my account online 
● Successfully delivering to prove a business case of over £1M in savings by moving call centre services from the 
contact centre into the app and my account online.   
● Negotiate a reduction in pricing of services with external suppliers with every initiative delivered  
● Implemented multiple initiatives to increase overall CLV and NPS  
● Increased key metrics such as customer engagement and registration 
● Involved in major re-platforming RFP process for the iD mobile app & my account online  
● Negotiated free design sprint with perspective supplier during RFP commercial discussions  
● Shortlisted and helped with final decision on new development partner 
● Conducted research across multiple sources: research panel (Qualitative & Quantitative research), app store, 
customer feedback and customer service reports.  
● Voice of the customer on the app and my account online 
● Create and update various customer journeys across the app and my account online 
● Working with external suppliers to help improve the self-service product 
● Improved current delivery processes to deliver quickly and efficiently 
● Worked within a startup environment driving innovation through new concepts and initiatives  
● Conducted multiple presentations across multiple stakeholders at all levels within the business 
● Successfully started to drive a shift in customer behaviour to increase registration and engagement 
● Creation and prioritisation of new change initiatives from concept to delivery 
● Working with the UX / UI team to deliver self-service initiatives and within brand guidelines 
● Brand alignment across the app and my account online 
● Implementation of various tools to gain more insight into the data  
● Increasing visibility of data across the app and my account 
● Weekly and monthly reporting on key KPI’s 
● Worked with social team to implement key communication 
● Worked with multiple stakeholders at all levels across the business 
● Participated in workshops to introduce new business propositions 
● Worked across all phases of the SDLC from concept to delivery  
● Used data and research to help make decisions and inform the overall product strategy and roadmap 
● Carried out competitor analysis  
 
MMT Digital (Contract): Product Owner / Agile Consultant                  November 2017 - December 2017 
 
● Drove forward a failing project that historically had not delivered any work over a number of years 
● Implementing key changes to team processes / agile framework to deliver faster (was scaled agile, had to 
change ways of thinking and split the team away from current agile framework, was hindrance to the team) 
● Changed ways of thinking, structure of user stories, definition of done 
● Worked with stakeholders from all levels including CEO & Co Founder of MMT digital 
● Helped lead the development team to successful delivery of projects 
● Took on more of a coaching / consultant role to drive successful delivery of the project overall  
 

 
● Consulted on current roadmap, persuaded our client to reduce roadmap to be more realistic and in line with 
current development team.  
● Motivated team to “get things done” 
● Worked closely with UX to get the user stories to a better quality, added process to team and anyone creating 
stories.  
● Helped reduce agency costs by adding some governance to their agile structure and acceptance of user 
stories, to reduce waste.  
● Participated within an innovative environment 
● Helped agile consultant and senior members of Vodafone & MMT digital to understand the current state of 
the project. Where we are now VS where we should be and how we get there.  
 
N Brown Group (Contract): Product Owner / Product Manager                    September 2016 - July 2017 
 
● Collaborated with multiple stakeholders across the business to create the Simply Be app roadmap 
● Managing the delivery of the roadmap for the app 
● Participated within an innovative start up environment from beginning to end of each SDLC  
● Participated and managed the soft launch (MVP) of the Simply Be App on IOS and Android 
● Used analytics to help make decisions about app  
● Used customer insight, analytics & feedback to improve customer experience across the app 
● Roadmap planning & prioritisation  
● Create mockups, design / optimise customer journeys 
● Run / attend sprint planning sessions  
● Participated in retrospectives 
● Key contact between the business and external suppliers 
● Give weekly updates to all stakeholders involved in the app 
● Working with stakeholders from all levels testers, developers, heads of departments, managers, 
directors,co-founders & CEO across multiple departments / suppliers 
● Managed the delivery of multiple integrations across the app 
● Make decisions on behalf of the business for the app 
● Ensured the app is designed within brand guidelines  
● Create and communicated the product vision  
● Market / user research  
● Manage and prioritise product backlog 
● Create & refine user stories 
● Stakeholder management 
● Commercial awareness enables me to identify opportunities or issues that may arise 
● Working in a fast paced and constantly changing environment 
● Conducted a competitive analysis to make sure we are remaining competitive in the market 
● Review / attend contract discussions in collaboration with the procurement team 
● Worked with a cloud based and hybrid app. 
● Worked in the marketing and e-commerce team in collaboration with the innovation team on the Simply Be 
app 
 
HCL technologies (Contract): Product Manager / Scrum Master                           May 2016 - August 2016 
 
● Participated in a major digital transformation project between HCL & Manchester United (client) 
● Stakeholder Management: built a great relationship with the client within the first few weeks of starting  
● Quickly conducted product research in order to learn and improve the product 
● Ensured quick resolution of anything that may impact the project or product negatively e.g. Out of scope 
items 
● Communicated with stakeholders at multiple levels across the project 
● Arranged and aligned UX / Visual Design with the clients needs  
● Ensuring traceability of feedback between the client and UX / visual design teams 
● First point of contact with the client product team where needed such as clarify process in place, names of 
people, review and feedback on UX / visual design documentation.   
● product representative in sprint planning     
● Managing client expectations & technical feasibility during product discovery sessions  
● Provided recommendations on new concepts & current features 
● Definition of product features in preparation for user(Manchester United fans) testing   
● Lead and or mentor UX / BA & Tech teams 
 

 
● Ensured technical deliverables were aligned with the signed contract requirements across multiple systems 
and platforms 
● Product tracking to ensure successful delivery  
● Reviewed UX / Visual Designs across Responsive Website & App (IOS & Android) in order to correct errors and 
provide more clarity on the product 
● Represented the client strategy / vision of the product to stakeholders across the project 
● Scrum master of the UX / Visual Design team  
● Introduced a physical Kanban board  to help UX / Visual Design team keep track of their daily activities 
● Ran daily stand ups with UX / Visual Design team  
● Ran UX / Visual Design team retrospectives 
● Created and managed various gap analysis documentation between delivery and the business / technical 
requirements 
 
 River Island (Contract): Product Owner / Agile Consultant December 2015 – March 2016  
 
● Helped the team understand more about agile 
● Switched between coaching on agile and business analysis 
● Ran story mapping sessions with various team members  
● Shared my knowledge and experience of agile with the E-commerce team 
● Helped to plan and ran team retrospectives 
● Setup Jira boards for multiple projects and teams  
● Helped to bridge the gap between the business and IT 
● Ran interactive requirements gathering workshops (Bringing the software to life) 
● Compiled data through various sources to present to the wider business 
● Communicate with all stakeholders involved with various projects 
● Helped to identify their product offering e.g e-commerce website, CMS systems , etc.  
● Consulted on how we should run projects (waterfall or agile)  
● Defined/Designed new and improved functional solutions / features to send as requirements e.g. Payment, 
forms, delivery,  payment integrations, hidden fields, auto confirm, user alerts, field validation, save, 
location finder, mini basket , etc., across Responsive site (Android & IOS). While collaborating with the UX 
at various stages.  
● Conducted feature testing and research 
● Created new feature user journeys for the checkout / product pages 
● Designed user journeys with the user in mind, focusing on, ease of use and the utilisation of new 
technologies   
● Built a backlog of requirements with the results of various stakeholder requirements workshops and meetings 
/ interviews to support the implementation of new features 
● Backlog prioritisation (Prioritisation of requirements) 
● Helped to set the culture of using data rather than a “Hunch” to make product decisions 
● Wrote a variety of documentation when needed 
● Managed stakeholders across various projects  
● Worked across multiple projects at the same time (3-4 projects) 
● Contributed as part of a large e-commerce team (20) 
● Reviewed competitors 
● Owned the requirements gathering process 
● Worked across Responsive Website & App based e-commerce products (Android & IOS) 
 
Aimia: Agile Product Analyst / Product Owner December 2014 – December 2015 
 
● Participated in product management course 
● Transitioned from waterfall BA / Product Analyst to agile (scrum) Product Owner 
● Translate complex requirements (data models, data migration, calculations, algorithms, UI, UX) into easy to 
read user stories 
● Persuaded the scrum team to adopt new processes which helped the team work faster with higher quality  
● Prioritise & order the backlog based on the business / client needs 
● Help to create and update the roadmap for our core product 
● Continuously inspecting and adapting through the feedback loop   
● Participate in sprint planning sessions 
● Ran user story grooming / refinement sessions 
● Attend daily stand ups 
 

 
● Working with large global clients  
● Worked on the creation of 2 new analytical products (web applications), which are integrated with an 
enterprise level analytics platform.  
● Involved in the planning of deployment / delivery of both web applications  
● Create product overview documentation for clients and internal teams 
● Communicate product goals to stakeholders within the business 
● Demo the tool to various stakeholders 
● Excellent understanding in the agile framework, principles and practices 
● Helping the business to define the product owner role with my input 
● Managed UAT 
● Defined & designed scalable product features e.g. Search, Export, User specific (mainly data driven) , etc. 
● Became the subject matter expert on my product within 3 months 
● Work closely with the UX to produce finalised wireframes 
● Create wireframes which are then used for development or used as a collaboration for UX to build larger 
features 
● Work closely with the product manager, developers & scrum master 
● Created Process flow diagrams for team and product processes 
● Test the web application in order to investigate bugs before they go to the development team 
● Write SQL queries to investigate potential bugs 
● Created complex queries in Jira to create various charts for the team and to find historical information 
● Managed multiple changes across the product 
● Worked with various stakeholders across the business including clients, managers, directors, technical 
analysts, UX, UI, developers, testers.  
● Detailed understanding of APIs 
● Self taught on other products across the business  
 
 McDonald's: Business Analyst May 2014 – August 2014 
 
● Problem solving e-commerce UI issues with CSS on Mobile app project. 
● Managed the payment UI on the Mobile App  
● Installation of business software onto Tablets, large touch screens, kiosk. 
● Configuration of Kiosk and Mobile app media / functionality. 
● Creation of graphics / design UI’s. 
● Testing of software on kiosk and mobile. 
● HTML, CSS, JavaScript Development. 
● Worked on 3 way integration project and provided support to the test team prior to the launch of a mobile 
app project.  
● Worked on multiple projects, which include: mobile apps, kiosk, and new technologies.  
● Work with the test team, project manager, project lead, business managers and cross-functional team 
managers such as: project leads, operations and marketing teams.  
● Viewing and advising on technological proposals. 
● Create process flow diagrams. 
● Write technical specifications. 
● Selected the technical mobile banking solution to integrate with the mobile platform. 
 
World Careers Network: Business Systems Analyst                September 2013 – May 2014 
 
● Gained a high amount of knowledge on two systems in half the time expected. 
● Project managed many projects.  
● Provide solutions and estimates for small projects from inception to the live system. 
● Communicate with clients to gather requirements of the system, analysing existing processes and configuring 
e-recruitment systems to meet these needs.  
● Programming in languages such as HTML, CSS, XML and JavaScript to tailor standard templates while 
configuring systems. 
● Create process flow diagrams as technical specification documents for bespoke technical work.  
● Carried out configuration testing on changes made to systems before published to the live environment. 
● Assisted during large system build projects.  
● Daily Configuration of blue chip clients on systems within the UK and Internationally. 
● Provide
 
a higher level of support by resolving and analysing issues sent from the support team.  
 

 
● Work within a team of 12 and communicate with the quality control, technical, support, project management, 
consultancy and account management teams on a daily basis.   
● Assisted with outlining interdepartmental formal processes that are still being put in place.  
● Provided solutions that were later on implemented to improve the business. 
● Managing small to medium change requests that come through from the client.  
 
 
 
Deloitte: Project Administrator (Financial Services Contract)     March 2012 – September 2012 
 
● This position required a high amount of attention to detail and a need to detect data breaches within 
documents, these were all quality checked to FSA standard 
● Worked with CRM Database systems used to search and edit sensitive customer information 
●  Quality checked documentation from another team, which included an overview of data breaches. When 
breaches were found I liaised with my manager, people within my team and people involved within the other 
team. This was to prevent breaches that may have occurred 
● Utilised Microsoft Office to read and edit documentation as well as create or edit spreadsheets 
● Provided IT support for the computers and printers to a team of 20 people and phoned the appropriate 
person if extra help was needed 
● Instructed new entrants on the administration procedures and shared my ideas of best practice and 
knowledge with the team. This was reflected in easier ways to record and calculate data 
 
President of SIFE Society London Met (not for profit organisation)   November 2010 – September 2011 
 
● Participated in winning the business challenge on the SIFE weekend training program. 
● Restructured the management team of SIFE London Met and successfully recruited enough people to help ran 
the society and to start projects. 
Monitored the progression of various projects, liaised with business advisory board advisors such as HSBC, Lloyds 
banking and key lecturers within the university. 
Gained a certificate of achievement from London Metropolitan Business School. 
 
The Body Shop: Customer Consultant / Supervisor November 2007 – July 2010 
 
● Delivered team briefings, gave updates on sales and target figures throughout the day. 
● Responsible for opening/closing the store, cashing up and banking takings. 
● Trained new members of staff on customer service and tills. 
● Travelled to other body shops in the UK to help stores with a variety of staffing problems and store openings. 
 
Education 
 
MSc in Computer Science, University of Kent, Canterbury - 2012 – 2013: 
 
Advanced Java Programming, Systems Architecture, Logic and Logic Programming, Mobile and Ubiquitous Computing 
(developed an app), Software Engineering and Web-based Information Systems Development. 
 
BA (Hons) International Business Management (2:1), London Metropolitan University, 2008 – 2012. 
 
National Diploma Music Practice, Kingston College, London - 2005 – 2007. 
 
Applications and Tools
 
 
Eclipse, Android SDK, SVN, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Notepad++, Microsoft Office, Visio, Remote Desktop, SharePoint, 
e-commerce, CRM / CMS, Jira (Intermediate - expert), Balsamiq (wireframing software), Google Analytics, Lucidchart, 
Sitecore, Gigya, OPTA, iTunes connect, Google development centre, IOS, Android 
 
Programming Skills and Database Technologies
 
● HTML, PHP, OOP, Photoshop, CSS, MySQL, MySQLi, JavaScript, Ajax, JQuery, XML 
 